and feeling
chaotically yes on the podium were there
fans supported too thanks
of course
We also held there on the video cutter
how is it in instagram all sorts of social
the network had two video photo
Thanks, of course, for the support of the fans
we hand
This is the first cup until the mills for your club
so that you name
I think this is a historic day for
capitals in general for the country i think that
astana today football team astana
she became at the level of world clubs and I
I think we will go further
our club is all ahead let's Astana
only forward
I would like to hear a representative
the most legendary can already say
really legend written today
team captain
our team is on the money did not hit proved
on turquoise
zombie series chest square biggs urgant
with
the style Slovan but Mouzon
put out
happening 1,550 friends
but